hey Dennis don't squeak the chair that's
gonna get edited out probably no I'm
gonna then this is squeaking my chair
because he knows it irritates me stuff
sounds like a dog it's terribly it hurts
my ears
does it really it's it's like it's like
nails on a chocolate argues it's like
nails on a chalkboard you can hear it
you hear it at a range that i don't--all
off it's terrible squealing it's very
irritating squealing call me squeal II
Dan so what I forget this map is called
Riverside uh it's for cool dudes only
you know what would vehicle off harsh
well I'd have to get sewn okay oh yeah
okay that was the one we wanted to do
this is the one we want to do Ford
Ranger it ignore all else and this is uh
fine for you that's called Paradise
Island or something this is surfer Paris
press away no sir prepare this is
different ones oh the expressway okay so
thermal spoilers out there do you guys
shit let's check out the expressway hey
didn't you promise to tell everybody but
diarrhea yeah yeah I had the squirts
great the Hershey squirts oh shit pace
your suck yeah kind of do Oh exit I
wanna go to that minecraft house over
there's a minecraft house oh yeah get up
that thing left there try and get there
you shouldn't have taken this exit then
well maybe I have to get off the highway
to get there yeah maybe I would probably
get you there faster though well you
don't know the point of the highway
right jeez you situate judgmental prick
right now oh man again owned in my own
home yep
no I won't stand for this so good thing
I'm sitting down oh it feels pretty good
I like this it looks sturdy this is
what's up you have much trouble with her
than usual yeah actually handles pretty
nicely and I must say I bet you this
would do well on like an off road map Oh
what is this Grand Theft Auto they've
got a blow-off
ah I love to go to that island fuck that
go over the barrier sooo viim
great it was really weird with no nobody
driving on the streets though yeah it's
so barren okay can I go on that bridge
see if I can get up there was the
on-ramp probably this way doesn't look
good so I think this guy faithfully
recreated an area near his home oh okay
I think that's what it said and really
pay a lot of attention so I think I
don't know is his the are these streets
normally blocked off is that something I
don't know you doing what city is this
meant to be diarrhea's Ville Diaries
Jesus this camera it's not helping when
it works it works when it doesn't sure
don't look cool boy yay woo
good thing you got a little wobbly tire
back on the highway I thought I was
gonna cross a bridge oh yeah that giant
glass weird whoa how do you get on that
let's find a way I just want to get over
to that other fun Island it looks way
better where there is a will there is
also a way hmm I've never heard that one
I said I came up with it oh okay Wow I
just thought it up the other day that's
good I write it down I also came up with
birds of a feather flock together yeah
that's a good one yeah that's so true
what's good for the goose is good for
other geese as well oh man - in the ring
cos were the one in the dink yeah that's
a Rory original a watched pot never
boils
that's true I've experienced that one I
feel like a lot of this is damn it isn't
very realized oh man this is really okay
let's just see if you can hop the
barrier and get over to the other Island
no try to try to hop that barrier Oh
crash
solid crash good way can you take a
Blackhawk over there the Blackhawk maybe
yes no I didn't I delete the Blackhawk I
think I might have foolishly to leave
the Blackhawk I'll hate you forever if
you did
you dick I expect you to be so upset
okay Oh can I go in that parking garage
okay I'm gonna start crashing this thing
so I want to see the crash PhysX right I
guess that's what this game is about I
guess that other Island damn it they can
go in here mmm no no you can't I don't
think this is very faithfully recreated
I can get in there like the parking
garages don't look like that in this
town where we're going we don't need
roads
huh oh hey what's that out there do you
see that that like power plant tower no
why am i sliding like this because it's
all muddy down here oh my God look at
how jacked my thing is jeez
hey this what are these things I want to
ramp off that thing right there oh my
god so we could just drive to the other
side of the map under here yeah you're
right you're absolutely just do that
okay let's go to the Minecraft our yeah
complex I feel like we're not meant to
go there so no can we drive under the
water
Hey all right I don't know it was just a
texture out there's probably oh now I
have oh oh now you're under the water
oh god that's actually pretty cool are
you driving though looks like I'm moving
yeah
oh cool cool this is not gonna work
isn't it I think it's working
it's work I think it's working
some crazy shit it's not really working
now you're getting there slowly but
surely I'm not taking any damage no
Danny I don't think no whammies no damn
ease all right no we're moving we're
moving
hey this you're almost there well know
what I mean cars aren't aquatic by
nature they should be maybe we're not
moving I can't tell anymore I think it's
the movement of the waters freaking my
minds I want to crash this bitch I want
to see out of the island well you don't
want that Island can suck a nut hmm well
so you hear me boom yeah low clearance
how do you slow mo again um check that
check the options thing let's go first
person Wow is this a European truck it
is get off this American Road we don't
know where this is this could be your up
I feel like this is America it's gonna
be Europa wow that was really fun
dentist there you go geez that was fun
yeah I don't know what else to do with
this thing really I'm kind of
disappointed yeah that this Mac would be
a little more interesting it looked
interesting in the screenshots but it's
all it's just it's just a ghost town so
it's a set for a movie it is and
probably not a very good movie probably
some dumb boring movie like transformers
smelly but man
36 then they make that it's a popular
franchise even today I'm gonna go really
fast do that gotta go fast I'm just
gonna say that oh is that a ramp just
here ramp in the distance this stupid
map doesn't even have ramps kinda leave
oh don't fuck it up you little idiot
watch me you dumb idiot oh fudge no wait
a roll then it's way to roll if you
could say I'm on a roll no way that door
I wouldn't hello wow I wouldn't get in
that alright yeah it's kind of a bummer
yeah